Updated documentation about how to setup a service principal for Azure (#905)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/guides/prepare-azure-subscription-for-a-new-installation/index.md

---
title: "Prepare an Azure subscription to run a Giant Swarm installation"
description: "This guide will walk you through all necessary steps to set up an Azure subscription to run a Giant Swarm installation."
date: "2020-10-14"
type: page
weight: 100
tags: ["tutorial"]
---

# Prepare an Azure subscription to run a Giant Swarm intallation

In a Giant Swarm installation the software managing workload clusters (the kubernetes clusters that run your workloads)

> is installed in a separate Kubernetes cluster, called `control plane`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is installed in a separate Kubernetes cluster, called `management cluster`.
```

Reviewer: Not just here, but in other parts of the file.
